fix(curriculum): Created the new review steps 12 and 13 in pyramid project (#54936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-introductory-javascript-by-building-a-pyramid-generator/664ed97c55a99e5ffab759dc.md

---
id: 664ed97c55a99e5ffab759dc
title: Step 12
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-12
---

# --description--

> Now it is time to review the concepts you have learned so far. This review step is to ensure you have a good grasp on the basics so you can apply them to the pyramid generator project later on. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before moving forward, you should take a moment to review the concepts you have learned.
```

> In this step you will need to do the following:
> 
> - Use the `let` keyword to declare a variable called `profession` and assign it the string `"teacher"`.
> - Use the `let` keyword to declare a variable called `age`. **Do not** assign it a value.
> - Log to the console the value of the `age` variable. You should see `undefined` in the console.
> - Log to the console the value of the `profession` variable. You should see `"teacher"` in the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `let` keyword to declare a `profession` variable and an `age` variable. Initialize `profession` with the string `"teacher"`, but do not initialize `age` with any value.

Log both of your variables to the console to see the results.
```

Let's not break it down so much - it's a review step, so we want to make them thing a bit more.

# --hints--

> You should declare a variable called `profession`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare a `profession` variable.
```

```js

> assert.match(code, /profession/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /(?:var|let|const)\s*=\s*profession/);
```

Let's actually test the declaration exists.

Author: This is good but this implementation is not valid. I have changed it to remove the equal sign as the declaration can still exist with or without it.

eg.
var profession;
var profession = "teacher";

```

You should use `let` to declare the `profession` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+profession/);
```

You should assign the string `"teacher"` to the `profession` variable.

```js

> assert.equal(profession, "teacher");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.strictEqual(profession, "teacher");
```

```

> You should have a variable called `age`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should declare an `age` variable.
```

```js

> assert.match(code, /age/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /(?:var|let|const)\s*=\s*age/);
```

Author: The same is has been done for the age variable

```

You should use `let` to declare the `age` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+age/);
```

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

You should not assign a value to the `age` variable.

```js
assert.isUndefined(age);
```

````

You should log `age` to the console.

```js

> assert.match(code, /console\.log\(age\);/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*age\s*\);/);
```

Spaces are valid in the parentheses.

```

You should log `profession` to the console.

```js

> assert.match(code, /console\.log\(profession\);/);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*profession\s*\);/);
```

Use the `let` keyword to declare a `profession` variable and an `age` variable. Initialize `profession` with the string `"teacher"`, but do not initialize `age` with any value.

Log both of your variables to the console to see the results.

# --hints--

You should declare a `profession` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /(?:var|let|const)\s*profession/);
```

You should use `let` to declare the `profession` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+profession/);
```

You should assign the string `"teacher"` to the `profession` variable.

```js
assert.strictEqual(profession, "teacher");
```

You should declare an `age` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /(?:var|let|const)\s*age/);
```

You should use `let` to declare the `age` variable.

```js
assert.match(code, /let\s+age/);
```

You should not assign a value to the `age` variable.

```js
assert.isUndefined(age);
```

You should log `age` to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*age\s*\);/);
```

You should log `profession` to the console.

```js
assert.match(code, /console\.log\(\s*profession\s*\);/);
```

# --seed--

## --seed-contents--

```js

> let character = 'Hello';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
let character = "Hello";
```
